Gwenevere Abriel: Audio to come online still can't hear you yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Waiting for your audio.
Laura’s iPhone: Hear me now.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: me a little bit about circumstance.
Laura’s iPhone: Are you at Kyle. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can find a place to have some fun or
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we find some privacy. Are you able to find some privacy.
Laura’s iPhone: Kind of mad I freaking
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, he's not a Kyle over something
Laura’s iPhone: Because all yelling
Gwenevere Abriel: So Laura. How long have you been up this morning.
Laura’s iPhone: For
Gwenevere Abriel: HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN UP.
Laura’s iPhone: Like 30 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what do you guys already kind of arguing about
Laura’s iPhone: Like
Laura’s iPhone: wasn't feeling good and he wasn't going good. It was more like
Laura’s iPhone: I just like I told him, I said, Those cost.
Laura’s iPhone: Us.
Laura’s iPhone: Along
Laura’s iPhone: He wasn't going to go anywhere. I assume
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's there's no way that you could even get into a closet, just to have some privacy, this won't be terribly
Laura’s iPhone: Linear either
Laura’s iPhone: I know I need me Dr. Hart.
Laura’s iPhone: Unless you want me right now. You want to go.
Laura’s iPhone: Back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your phone is charged right now.
Laura’s iPhone: Or yeah, my phone charger. Like, I can't do the headphone thing you don't. I mean,
Laura’s iPhone: I hit my knees hurt my
Laura’s iPhone: Feelings, you have those
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not very cold outside. Can you just go outside.
Laura’s iPhone: I guess then again you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can go somewhere very long.
Yeah.
Laura’s iPhone: What
Laura’s iPhone: Are you
Laura’s iPhone: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no pressure.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're okay there's no pressure, you're here.
Laura’s iPhone: Okay.
Laura’s iPhone: I have to do this.
Laura’s iPhone: Sorry, I'm sorry. I know, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're okay, you're okay. Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're okay Everything's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nobody's threatening your life right now, right, nobody's trying to hurt you. It's just this pressure. It's okay. You're all right.
Laura’s iPhone: Maria
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. So once you sort of prop me up with the windshield and the dashboard. See if you can squeeze kind of vertically like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of sitting seated like when
Gwenevere Abriel: You see if it'll wedge in there. Nice. Okay. So listen, you're okay. Is anybody trying to hurt you right now. Okay, so, so, but are you noticing that you're feeling anxious
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just notice where you're feeling that in your body right now. Okay. Just go go inside turn inward. You're okay you got door close. We're here.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we're all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You made it is clunky, but you're here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just focus on your breathing. Okay. Do you remember me teaching you the belly breathing.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just do a couple of those. Okay, we can cry. We can cry a little bit. We can we can be angry. Okay. You want to cry first tell me what's what.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what you scared off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have you have been in a much more heated argument with him and he didn't break up with you. Okay, that's real.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's just very, very important to you. It gives you a safe place to live, somewhat right better than ads and there's a lot at stake. I know you don't want to lose it, but he didn't say
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're kicked out just now he's just irritated, that's just because it's an early Sunday morning. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here. Okay. Why don't we just talk about what's going on. I want to store it, get it off your chest. Were you short tempered with him, or was he
Laura’s iPhone: Sleep and Britain and he just didn't feel good. And he walked in, he mentioned morning oh my medicine. Well, the thing is like the medicine that he let him.
Laura’s iPhone: So he likes to
Laura’s iPhone: He likes to have like freaking like nails framing frickin kid. COUGH COUGH job and then like I saw better. Okay. And my thing is I'm not like that. Like I just like to do. I just like to see breath, it will. I don't like medicine that all
Laura’s iPhone: Meals
Laura’s iPhone: Right and
Laura’s iPhone: I just assumed that he was going to leave. Sounds like all you're gonna leave. Oh, and he was like, Oh, well, I never done that that's the case. And then it's just like a whole is, like I said, I started as soon as I knew better, and
Laura’s iPhone: Then at that point it was like he might even
Gwenevere Abriel: So all it started with going to the store leave means going to the store.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Laura normally does he rely on you to do favors for him like going and pick
Laura’s iPhone: Out. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe he was being passive in his communication, like, hey, I don't feel well. And the meaning was Laura go shopping for me and you didn't do it. And so maybe he got irritated and you guys yet maybe
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah, all right. Yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I'm in general. Let's, let's back up a little bit, let me get some context, what was last night like
Laura’s iPhone: Quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, great. You've got some calories coming in.
Laura’s iPhone: So I see you drink those
Gwenevere Abriel: Fights to Get some calories and you probably those tastes good.
Laura’s iPhone: That's right.
Laura’s iPhone: Okay, okay. That's what I'm hearing from a lot of listeners always upset.
Laura’s iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you you. Do you remember that that math isn't good for your, your stomach to. You remember that, right.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah I drink a mighty mangoes many though earlier so
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's do a little bit of breathing. Okay, so let's do the belly breathing together. See it. Let's all just have a nice exhale. Get all the air out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the inhale, bring it in through your nose and expand that belly into a blown good hold it there for 321 out the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to hold our breath for 4321 inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Expanding that belly. Good, good, good. Hold it 321 looks like someone's texting. Yeah, that Kyle.
Laura’s iPhone: Was a low battery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh now it'll go away. We don't want to miss this meeting. Does it need to be charging
Laura’s iPhone: 20% we're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, so where are you at with your breath. You just came on an inhale.
Laura’s iPhone: Or ok
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's exhale slowly out as slowly as you can. Let's have a nice little graph as if that balloon is just like squeeze using in your stomach last little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. So is that is the anxiety. Coming down is the heart rate not beating fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. All right, so the body. The body registers that there's threat. I will lose Kyle and all the safety and all the goodness that comes with that and then everything gets Anxious and we get short tempered and we don't think of like nice ways of talking. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me about what worked about yesterday you said you guys were calm. Did you sleep all day. You watch TV. How did you pull that
Laura’s iPhone: We actually we were out in my own. Actually, I was just kind of like me.
Laura’s iPhone: Let me do much like we just heard, we went
Laura’s iPhone: Over a little bit her and her boyfriend and kind of like a kickback play video views types. I mean, know you're on them makes us like kick back to, like, you know, just kind of go on and on. And then, of course, they started smoking weed them out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Yeah.
Laura’s iPhone: I'm only kidding me. So it's kind of
Laura’s iPhone: Add On and so it's funny because I was like, All right, well, there
Laura’s iPhone: You go
Laura’s iPhone: I always on the same page with that you didn't like me neither.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Laura’s iPhone: I'm a woman.
Laura’s iPhone: You would like kick the cat out of the room and I just like, you know, clean drop one written box and just watch TV and
Laura’s iPhone: Jerry Springer.
Laura’s iPhone: But, you know, and those are you ready, are you at all.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I thought we could unless you want to talk through what happened with Kyle, or even just this morning because I was able to witness some things in real time. How you to communicate.
Gwenevere Abriel: We could go there. Or we could do more long term.
Gwenevere Abriel: Preparation we do I have a whole list of things that I'd like to do with you, you know, normally we talk about current events that are going on in your life today what we could do is we could start to do some preparation things that
Gwenevere Abriel: We do that today. All right, and I and then right at the end. Don't let me forget to message, your doctor that you were here today. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll review when your next appointments are
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple of things though.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do need to have those numbers written down because you are an adult, you're a young one, but you are an adult. And so you want to have those numbers written down. Don't rely on phones to remember the the virtual clinic and my number.
Laura’s iPhone: Number last parts of the first part of yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rely on memory because when we're anxious cortisol comes flooding on or hippocampus, where we keep our memory. We won't remember
Gwenevere Abriel: So we want to write it down. That's part of what just being we go old school and we write it down. So you want to get it on a piece of paper that sits in maybe your wallet, something like that, that goes in this, you always have my number. My cell number
Gwenevere Abriel: You always have
Gwenevere Abriel: A bright heart health number and the virtual clinic in mind if you want to memorize it mine doesn't change. So you can you can kind of have that one written down to
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you hear the alarm today. How did that work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why
Laura’s iPhone: They were already
Gwenevere Abriel: You're already up. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So good.
Laura’s iPhone: Fortune, or you already have.
Laura’s iPhone: Warmed up
Laura’s iPhone: They were, they weren't even sure to have it before and then maybe seven
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. But you see my point. You came really close to missing today, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's all just just saying there's a lot at stake here to your medication having short little bridge things. I think those are probably inconvenient. So we want you to attend scheduled appointments. All right. So, write it down. Next.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's review our next appointment and then we'll get into the clinical stuff. Let me know if you can't hear me okay because
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you looking for paper.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah okay because I
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Laura’s iPhone: I think I'm on my phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I have June 2 at
Gwenevere Abriel: 8:10am so that's early you'll have to be in there by 7:50am
Gwenevere Abriel: It's early. So that means
Gwenevere Abriel: The next
Laura’s iPhone: Tuesday. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. And that means the night before a Monday night, you don't want to stay up till two in the morning. You want to go to sleep. So that, so it's not hard to get up. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, and then group on June 4 at 11am
Laura’s iPhone: Of further
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then that's all I see
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all I see for next week, once a week. So, so I have a training. I have a lot going on. So it's really important that you keep your scheduled appointments
Laura’s iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: After this, I'm going to need to write a behavior contract if you keep missing them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it gets really risky because after that, then we're looking at maybe going somewhere else. So I don't want the I like working with you. So let's keep let's see if we can keep this going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm just saying I keep it real. I don't
Laura’s iPhone: I don't know. There. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, alright, so here we go. This is fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: This, I want to get into the creative side of your brain, the right brain. So the creative side, the part that
Gwenevere Abriel: It does all of the memory storage of emotion. It is the part where you imagine something so I'm going to be asking you to focus on fantasy and imagination today. Okay, these are not things that
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe really exist, but we're going to be using our creative mind. Do you like doing creative things
Laura’s iPhone: No try
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, okay. So you can laugh at me. This stuff is a little silly. We're normally you know I focus on thoughts and
Gwenevere Abriel: emotions and behaviors. This one is some kind of kooky stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. For but it's but it's still a thought, which is the same as thinking about something else. It's just a different part of the brain. Okay, it's still a thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go. So you can laugh at me. That's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to do a few of them. Number one, I want to build your resource team and it's made up of three figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: First one, and the rules are, they can be real like real people, real animals real things or they can be imagined. Maybe it's from a movie or a TV show or a fantasy, something that comes out of your imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to think of a protective figure someone that would keep you safe in your imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: That has all the qualities of keeping you physically who
Gwenevere Abriel: Tinker Tinker Bell Tinkerbell. Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then
Gwenevere Abriel: The second one.
Gwenevere Abriel: A nurturing figure a nurturing figure is someone, it's not necessarily affection, it's someone who wants for you, your full growth and your full potential be reached.
Gwenevere Abriel: They want
Gwenevere Abriel: For you to be everything that you can be, but they don't they don't care. There's no exchange. It's just all about carrying that you grow and evolve and develop
Laura’s iPhone: Your treasure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will do this one. Then we'll go get a charger. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one's hard for some people, when they've they've experienced
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of sort of physical or emotional abuse or neglect in their, in their life. This one's kind of hard for people where there's no exchange, it's just someone that wants for you to reach your full potential. Is there anyone that you saw a movie or you saw a glimpse of
Gwenevere Abriel: That all they said to you was you've got this, you can do this. I believe in you.
Laura’s iPhone: And yes, what it's like it's childish very appearance. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Say it one more time.
Laura’s iPhone: From the very odd.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very odd parents
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, got it. And is that a movie.
Laura’s iPhone: With the show. It's like
Laura’s iPhone: It has to do with this kid that like has, like, you know, magical barons.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but they're
Laura’s iPhone: They're like little, like, you know,
Laura’s iPhone: diners or whatever. But, but, like, he never helps them. They just helped him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. All right. Do you want to go get a battery and come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, go get a drink on
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing. You don't have to argue with anyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just getting a charger and then I'm heading back out.
Laura’s iPhone: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: The third one for the third one.
Laura’s iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the third one is a wise figure someone that
Laura’s iPhone: Was
Gwenevere Abriel: Intelligent and know how to use their intelligence right this image of sort of this person that knows what to do KNOWS HOW DID YOU IT and does it in a really good way
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice like I don't know spell that though.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm you f f as a, ah,
Gwenevere Abriel: Who knows, I'll check the spelling
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Perfect. So we have a sense of just for a moment. You can keep chewing, but just bring into your imagination just for a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tinker Bell break kind of fluttering around, right. And what she does is she create safety for you because these are your. These are your protective figure elements. And then there's a nurturing quality of the parents in very odd parents these magical parents right
Gwenevere Abriel: And they have a nurturing because they what they want and it will ultimately be for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That what they want for you is that you reach your potential and feel what it's like to be around right Tinkerbell around these parents that are they're wanting the best for you. They don't want anything in return. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And move fossa, right, maybe even hearing his voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just picture being there, being there with them, maybe on the shore of of a river, the shore of an ocean somewhere that sort of this positive imagery that makes you feel comfortable and safe, where we would all these you in these three figures be
Laura’s iPhone: Like the mountains, I should move
Gwenevere Abriel: Mountains. Okay. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just be present with them. And notice how your body feels when you're present which that imagery. Does it bring
Laura’s iPhone: It why I got chills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So some things
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a good thing. It sounds like you picked up on some good imagery ones that have meaning for you so you. Excellent. So can we keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got more the more we do these today. Maybe we'll just do all these creative pieces today. And then we'll have them ready for some some psychological
Gwenevere Abriel: Techniques that we do later. So next one I want to do what's called a distancing metaphor. A distancing metaphor. So I'm going to give you a few examples. You don't have to use my examples you can come up with your own, but it gets your creative mind going okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here's one. So the idea is when we're in distress. Let's say we're anxious or angry or sad. We're scared and we want to get distance from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We, we think about this imagery and we picture, for example, that stress being on a little leaf it's floating down a creek and we stay on the shore and we're watching it get further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And on that leaf is that anxious feeling fear, anxiety, discussed jealousy rage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I threaten jealousy, just for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all get it. Okay, so, so, and the idea is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that it's getting
Gwenevere Abriel: It's getting further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: That key. So that's one. Here's another one. We have a balloon and on it. We write frustration repulsion, something like that. And we tie it up and it just sort of floats floats up into the atmosphere to the point that we can't, we can't see it anymore. Or maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: A balloon. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or a rocket ship is on a rocket ship. And it takes off very fast and it gets out of the atmosphere or it's on a shooting star.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or it goes slowly and it's we're on the shore, you're on the shore right with your resource team and it's on a on a race a speedboat and it's going away or or a sailboat.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's also someone had a gorge where they would
Gwenevere Abriel: They would stand at the edge and drop it off of really high bridge. They would just throw it off like that and
Gwenevere Abriel: And see it fall
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got a given you a couple ideas. I want you to picture if you had an emotion you didn't want to deal with right then you wanted to get some distance from it. What's imagery that you like.
Do you like
Laura’s iPhone: Flushing.
Laura’s iPhone: Tell me again going to bathroom flushing.
Gwenevere Abriel: The bathroom flush it. OK.
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, we will go with that one, we may do another one at a later time. But for now, that works great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, another one. This one is, have you ever heard of the word compartmentalization
Gwenevere Abriel: Know in your mind.
Laura’s iPhone: Are they enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, aren't you've probably had times when you you knew there was something important that you wanted to think about like a problem to solve. But you couldn't do it right then. And so you push the thought off to the side so that, let's say you could work. Let's say
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, like let's say an argument with a boyfriend or something and you had to push it over in order to talk to a customer or something, you needed to do job.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's called compartmentalization so yeah so this one is called an emotional container and I want you to think about. So, here, here are the instructions. Number one, I want you to think about a container that is big enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: And strong enough to hold all of your negative emotional stuff. It can be as big as you want, but it has to be strong and a way, keep the lid shut
Laura’s iPhone: And broke
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's the container.
Gwenevere Abriel: This comes from your imagination. What is it,
Laura’s iPhone: A boat.
A vault.
Laura’s iPhone: Me Your empty like
Gwenevere Abriel: Malt. Yeah. Beautiful. Okay. How big is it
Laura’s iPhone: nine feet right well for you.
Laura’s iPhone: Why
Gwenevere Abriel: And the locking system. Is it the big spinning thing is it like a code or fingerprint. How do you, how do you view your fingerprint. OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This is something where when you want to go in, you can go in and we could one at a time. Take it out. Talk about it. And then when you don't want to do it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it away. Okay. Because there'll be times when let's say we're right at the end of a session and you're starting to maybe have
Gwenevere Abriel: A big emotion and we need to bring those emotions down as you go on for the rest of your day. I might invite you to say, well, let's let's take whatever's coming up for you. And I want you to picture taking it and taking it and throwing it in the vault or gently putting it in the vault.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then locking it okay but it does mean that we have access to it. Unlike the toilet, which we probably won't get it back with the toilet. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right. So with the ball. We have access to it. Um, so, that's perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Excellent, how much time we have 10 minutes. Okay. I want to do another thing which has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to show you
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure, sure, sure, sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you see right here in the blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: See the blue. Okay. I want to put stories in here like I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Kyle yelled at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to put stories in there that are important to you in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can learn what a level of distress for you. That is 100 a level of distress. That is a 10 etc. Now for some people, are you able to hear me.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. For some people they have negative. They go below. They go below zero. So I'll show you. So minus 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Minus 20 and all of
Gwenevere Abriel: That is
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there. Have there ever been times where you have noticed that you space out lose time feel like you're having an out of body experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even. Yeah. Okay. That's what this is. That's called freeze. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I can spell it. M mo bill ization with fear that's below the line. Okay, so for some people.
Gwenevere Abriel: And because of your history with your birth father
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people, this is all they can do. They can't fight. Look, that's what this this stuff up here is our fight and our flea response, we can get angry and scare appear and we're still mobilized, we can move
Gwenevere Abriel: Around angry and scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you go in here and you space out and you don't remember time and you feel like you can almost see your body from outside your body that is dissociation and that is below zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So even when I say hey how distressing with something if you tell me you know what relaxing for me is fine, but I can't get too relaxed, because maybe I start to check out and I don't really want to be to to relax some people tell me that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And I want to know those things too, because that would be down in here in these numbers down here below zero. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you and we, it's okay. You know, you can't do this wrong. It's just me only me, you can't do anything wrong. Laura. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just, yeah, it's just me learning because I'm going to need to know in the work that I'm going to do with you. I need to know
Gwenevere Abriel: How distressed you are because it won't be productive if you're starting to dissociate, or you're so flooded by
Gwenevere Abriel: Fear. You won't, it won't stick in your hippocampus, it won't stay there. So I want you a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Distressed maybe at a 30 maybe 40 but when we get up to 7080 you may be in so much distress that I need to focus on bringing that intensity down before you remember the work that we're going to do, does that part. Makes sense.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And same thing down here if I even if I even hear that you're going down here below. I'm going to want to get you back to consciousness. Okay. Up here at at least baseline. What is this the x axis.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah, sure.
Laura’s iPhone: Ever
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't remember if. Why is the vertical one. But anyway, so I'm going to want to get you feeling so that you're back in your body and you're using all of your brain to. So, you with me so far.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's start up on these. Okay. We won't go down into these these dissociation yet. Let's go to one where you were the maddest the angriest that you've ever been. Can you tell me how old you were what that story is just
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just tell me that thought.
Laura’s iPhone: I will find a place. Right. Yeah, I know, I know. Okay.
Laura’s iPhone: I was in my sophomore year of high school.
Laura’s iPhone: Sophomore my calendar and I was broken up with him.
Laura’s iPhone: And breaking and I'm a rogue up in the morning. Okay. And I have left to strike. I find me ask after asking them a question and I was like, Are you breaking up with me and he didn't say a word.
Laura’s iPhone: And
Laura’s iPhone: I'll just shut this off and I walked in I was not a man. I like Well, Chuck, a time a little bit and then I
Laura’s iPhone: eventually went to class. My first grade class and evolving and I realized I missed. Totally. And I was only beta because I never missed a class. I know how to me, I would see the houses never had any Chinese I was pissed.
Laura’s iPhone: I am back what I wasn't even matter of the breakup. I just missed a whole class period. So what the hell I'm like, are you kidding me.
Laura’s iPhone: And Brian and I begged my teacher to like tell me redo it. And he just wouldn't do it. He was like, No, you're already missed him I'll walk. I was livid and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think about zero is I'm calm. I'm fine. And now 100 is just
Laura’s iPhone: Sitting at
Gwenevere Abriel: 80 yeah because
Laura’s iPhone: I've never, like I said, I like that. Was that room ever
Gwenevere Abriel: And you and the emotion was anger.
Laura’s iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Now, as you were thinking about that story. Did you notice anything in your body, the somatic response.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's an emotion were in your body somatic in the body. Do you do you. Did you feel that pissed off anger.
Laura’s iPhone: Doing this
Gwenevere Abriel: Hands. Let me see, what are they doing
Laura’s iPhone: Like pushing
Laura’s iPhone: Showing the stripes are they doing that. I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay, got it. Okay, somatic so hands. How do we describe that. What do we. Let's give that it. What is this doing what do we call that
Laura’s iPhone: Person are
Gwenevere Abriel: pushing away.
Laura’s iPhone: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good, good, good. And let's. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll get as far as we can with this, for we run out of time here. What is the belief. These are hard to get to, by the way, so it may not come right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the belief about yourself with that story. I've never missed a class before, oh, I lost track of time. I can't believe this is happening. I've never even been late. My teacher. This guy, he won't even help me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have all this history.
Laura’s iPhone: I'm like my little guy comes to mind. Like, holy crap. I can't do
Laura’s iPhone: Much on my mind ruin.
Laura’s iPhone: My life. You know, I see. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now what do you think of you that you did that. Watch. Finish this sentence.
Gwenevere Abriel: I let a guy ruin my perfect attendance. Some dude I am. See if you can finish that sentence I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Stupid. Bam.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what would you have liked to have thought about yourself right then and that story, instead of stupid. What would you have liked to thought
Laura’s iPhone: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm independent. Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice, beautiful. Okay, we're gonna leave it there. You worked very hard. I got whoops I like man, just wanted the dash to change disappear. So this is a really good one. We've got an 80
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's high up but just now as you were talking about it. About how activating was it for you from zero to 100 just talking about it.
There are
Laura’s iPhone: disgusted by myself I you know I think I'm like really, I want to do, like, you know, the discussing feeling around
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, all right, I got you. But what number do you give it like, just as you were telling it
Laura’s iPhone: 50 7070
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, it's still does. Okay. So, even then, uh, back then it was at a, at an ad, but it's still gets you out of 70
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it. So that's interesting. So it's still really hot. You would have like had did you were you trying to have perfect attendance your whole
Laura’s iPhone: Fish.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah, I was a little nerd back in the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd like that identity being a little nervous.
Laura’s iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, there's a lot of a lot of safety in it, isn't there because you're not typically around people that are stealing lying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. You're not click, you know, they're playing music and running.
Laura’s iPhone: I told my friends from high school when I done my life. They were like, what you turned into what you didn't like all my friends are high school and put money on hundred dollars. I never would have ended up
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you, you aren't ended. This isn't the end this is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a blip.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so I'm really glad you're here. I'm going to send a quick message to your doc and
Gwenevere Abriel: If you could please go when you walk inside. I know it's going to be tempting to want to continue kind of talking with pile. I'd like you to send me a message saying when your next appointment is so I know you know i know you know i know you know i know
Laura’s iPhone: That's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you got to get in there 15 minutes early.
Laura’s iPhone: Because I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see somebody there. I've got to try and schedule someone else. I didn't have any
Laura’s iPhone: Testing. You can see me there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I can't see you. No, no. So in my zoom ROOM I CAN SEE YOU IN MY waiting room, but I can't see you in virtual clinic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or but when you send me that picture that was awesome because my guy. I was texting. I was like, let me know. And she gets there, he didn't do it. He seemed new like he didn't know what to do with put you in a breakout room. And so we
Laura’s iPhone: all want our metric when except to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so he's kind of new. So just always, I love your texting, because then I can, I can be like letter in or because
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what it is. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The bottom line is if you and I commit to something. Get in there at least 15 minutes beforehand, so I know I don't have to try and real quick call someone on my on call list. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, all right, sweetheart.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have any questions.
Laura’s iPhone: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what are you going to do when you get inside.
Laura’s iPhone: Am I gonna go to my little game a shirt jeans. I think it's figure out what time it is. And and texture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, thank you. All right. I'll talk to you later.